Videotulen is an online search engine with the goal of making searching through
governemnt video archives more simple and accessible.

Videotulen allows you to either search through the entire video archive,
containing more than 3000 hours of government meetings. When neccessary, search
results can be filtered on a specific government, meeting type or year.

The main part of Videotulen is searching for information in specific videos in the
archive. When navigating to a video, you are greeted by a screen showing the video,
a searchbar, a chat window and, when available, the topics of the meeting.

Below the video, there are two levels showing the speakers and meeting topics.
When hovering above a bar, the speaker- or topic name is shown, along with the
video time. When clicking on the grey bar, the video is fast forwarded to that
point in time.

The search bar below the video allows for three different search types: an AI-based semantic
search capturing the meaning and context of the query, a keyword search focusing on
specific terms, or a hybrid between the two.

When a search is made, the database is queried and returns the speaking turns most
relevant to the query.
Search results show the speaker, the spoken text and the time in the video. When clicked,
the video is fast forwarded to the specified time.
When needed, search results can be filtered down to a specific
speaker or to a specifc topic.

Lastly there is a chat option, allowing users to ask questions regarding the video in
a conversational manner. When asking a question, the AI model will receive the question
and the most relevant context to the question. It will then formulate an answer to the
question. When no usable context is given, the AI model will tell you the question is not
answerable with the available context. While this can be a useful feature, current AI
technology is not yet at a point where hallucinations and mistakes can be 100% prevented.
Thus, answers from the chat functions should always be verified.

------

Currently, when searching for a specific piece of information, one would need to
either watch the entire meeting, which can easily end up being three to four hours,
or skip through the video a couple minutes at a time, leading to easily missing some
piece of information.

Now, it is possible to simply search for the question or context, and the most relevant
speeches will be returned.
